Hello everyone, steve and today
of course I will show you a bun to ride
it's already 12 parts on us and I hope you
Like and owe you this collector
enjoy so start
Well, from what I want to start it of course
skin pack guys many asked here it is
here it is immediately installed in this mine
Assemblies Let's look at skins
angular so here we see a donut
normal quality change also here
this dude will not heal well, in short
Here we look Here we see very
quality
cool skins for me why I immediately them them
because they are very cool than
cool because i like
camouflage and he's very cool so there
in general, that's just becoming an agency
let's see balance balance
kidney companies too class replaced
replaced sorry and such white sneakers all
qualitatively, too, we see everything cool
well, clearly also replaced , let's
look further this gas vagos too
cool changed as we see almost
most of all in camouflage that is
pants there for example
camouflage is very cool superski
I hope you should like it because
that they seem to be even more dangerous
see the next aztec too 10 to
hat printer is very grader too and
it seems to me to haul somewhere for you
fit very cool cool well here
Here is this one I really liked it
looks cool and I hope you
also like well and everything showed them here
only not of course
reefs guys reef no sympathize but then
of course they are almost the same
and what does not differ and not worse, even if
you think so download of course with
a barrel also let's we go to
next and next what i want
show it of course the gun pack guns
we are still very pleased with the eye and they
very cool high quality made
present and of course the deagle itself is very
also graders are silver red but not
as if all
silver red shine colors
it's very nice what colors
highly
immediately you see how we see the reef then
ak-47 cis and shotgun and nko too
seem to be
dna is also no different at all with
silencers very nice sound too
there are also sounds but already like you
hear the sound is also very cool and
you should like well of course
this is what I want behind my back
tell what is here
when hit on the car visible
bullet holes from her view and it is very
I'll tell you cool because you can see right away
where to get and very specific how to become
there it is very cool very cool like you
see here even see that the bullets fall
and even then you get
and everything is visible and it is very cool okay
here is also a c move from gta 4 c move
very pleasant many asked from the side
put it framed also replacing
feed with squares like with fans
black cool mediums for this where
care on him
Of course, there is no interference here.
high quality made for the state suitable for
ban
for all factions of which you are
because here everything is very beautiful and
cool done well we are now we
take beckoning us
head off banal well dance too
cool what else is here of course
It is of course very expensive roads
should like a lot and I them
they put in the forest lv
and but nothing different curb everywhere
also, well, you're also changed track
it's high quality and beautiful
what is there of course replacing it of course
are his glasses worth about him
Animeshki very cool and should not you
I work for some reason that they did not
work I do not know why but cool
cool nimki you you have to stand here
there is also an interface here
transparent as we see here on
personal with multi-player and f6
push it transparent but visible and
quality made many asked
Of course even the sheriff cheat
Well, of course he matched him and you
pro and download buns type will not
stand so the laws in the description be
swing the elf
so that the sheriff would earn everything of course in
the description is smaller and very pleasant
Of course the assembly is on 037 this
all play 037 already so that's of course
will be. 037 is also present as well
very high quality as already said skins
and water replacement is very nice too
watch with an eye as we wash give
and he's cool too
Well, just from but love the effect of how we
we see the light is very cool
oh weird clarity and tell and
also smoke and not replaced too but no
Of course there is no I can not show but a
so in general should make you happy
because the effects of not almost
Well, as it does not lag, well, if a lot
of kara also other other hogwash square
approx smoke pleasant but here, too, smoke
very cool my suit too bright
cool here just look at and myself
I will say this so pump up the assembly
like if you want next
Build even better write something straight
comments what add i do
of course I will look at all your comments
I can answer
and I will be glad that you even comment
and rate your build so okay
put likes signed channel with you was
Steve and download will try to fill
on torrent also on yandex drive everyone
bye Bye